Astronomer Software Release Notes - 2022/08/05 (#1004)
astronomer/docs: software/release-notes.md

We're committed to testing all Astronomer Software versions for scale, reliability and security on Amazon EKS, Google GKE and Azure AKS. If you have any questions or an issue to report, don't hesitate to [reach out to us](https://support.astronomer.io).

## v0.29.3

> Release date: August 8, 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release date: August 5, 2022
```

### Additional improvements

- Resolved several high and critical CVEs.

### Bug fixes

> - GraphQL extra AU queries now return results for all Deployments on Airflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API requests to query the AUs allocated to **Extra Capacity** are now returning results for all Deployments in a Workspace. Previously, queries were only returning partial results.
```

Reviewer 2: Agree to Paola's suggestion.
